c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\CarMedia.exe.config
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\CarMedia.exe
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\CarMedia.pdb
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\CarMedia_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\CarMedia.g.resources
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\CarMedia.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\CarMedia.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\CarMedia.exe
c:\users\paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\CarMedia.pdb
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\Home.baml
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\Home.g.cs
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\Clock.dll
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\Clock.pdb
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\Music.baml
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\Music.g.cs
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\CarMedia.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\CarMedia_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\policy.2.0.taglib-sharp.dll
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\taglib-sharp.dll
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\policy.2.0.taglib-sharp.config
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\CarMedia.exe.config
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\CarMedia.exe
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\CarMedia.pdb
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\Home.baml
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\Home.g.cs
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\CarMedia_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\CarMedia.g.resources
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\CarMedia.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\CarMedia.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\CarMedia.exe
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\CarMedia.pdb
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\policy.2.0.taglib-sharp.dll
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\taglib-sharp.dll
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\policy.2.0.taglib-sharp.config
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\WebCam_Capture.dll
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\CarMedia.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\Music Player\Music.baml
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\Music Player\Music.g.cs
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\Camera\Camera.baml
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\Camera\Camera.g.cs
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\Radio.baml
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\Radio.g.cs
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\Phone.baml
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\Phone.g.cs
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\Internet.baml
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\Internet.g.cs
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\WpfAppControl.dll
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\WpfAppControl.pdb
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\Camera\DashCam.baml
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\obj\Debug\Camera\DashCam.g.cs
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.VFW.dll
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
C:\Users\Paul\Documents\IT\Year4\Project\ICAAM_Code\CarMedia\CarMedia\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
